---
templateKey: blog-post
title: 2017 Week 10 Highlights
date: 2018-09-23T15:05:26.173Z
description: 2017 Week 11 321 Fantasy Football Highlights
tags:
  - 2017 Season
  - Week 10
---
## Imma need Abouttreefitty vs. Bearly Fantasy 



As the regular season starts winding down the playoff picture continues to get more and more interesting. Elijah came into week 10 with just a one game lead over Jonathan in the East division. This was a hard fought game by both teams, but for the second week in a row, Cameron Brate decided to blow himself for 60 minutes while the rest of his team played football. Deciding to join him in the circle jerk was Jack (meoff) Doyle, posting a whopping 2.9 points. There were many good performances on both teams, but Greg Zuerlein decided it was time to show the world how big his penis was. And by god was this thing massive. He would kick a field goal, run over to the other teams sideline, and dick slap everyone and their mothers. It was highest form of disrespect, yet people had no choice but to respect him. But I digress, Elijah beats Jon and moves up 2 games in the East. 



**Imma need abouttreefitty wins: 130 - 116.1 **





## 2 Left Footers vs. Let_Me_Cool_That_Down 



A new manager has entered the arena. Steve was handed a pretty stacked team and seemed like he was going to give Anthony a run for his money this week. Steves strategy was to mimic Anthonys playbook, leave a crucial spot to a player who was on bye. It was a bold move cotton, and it did not pay off for Steve. Not only did it not pay off for Steve, but the rest of his team did not care for new management and purposely took an arrow to the knee. I am assuming Anthony left Zeke in for shits and gigs.....or he forgot again, either way it didn't matter in the end with strong performances by Kirk and Alvin. Anthony sat back and had a nice session of jack and crack while watching his team steamroll over Steves first week in the league. Coming off two wins for Anthony, he is wielding his giant erection around......like a flag....screaming LET ME COOL THAT DOWN FOR YOU. 



**Let_Me_Cool_That_Down Wins: 124.9 - 89.4 **
