---
templateKey: blog-post
title: 2017 Week 11 Highlights
date: 2016-12-01T16:02:04.259Z
description: 2018 Week 11 Fantasy Highlights
tags:
  - 2017 Season
  - Week 11
---
## 2 Left Footers vs. Imma need Abouttreefitty 



This is the time of year we talk about what we are thankful for, whether that be family, friends, or just overall health. I'd like to take the time to be thankful for Antonio Brown, who single handedly scored almost 1/4 of my teams points this week. I should just change his name to "Mcnuggets" and crown him the master of cock magic. This was a god send because Alex Smith was on the sideline all game cheesin his fucking brains out. When asked what he was doing all he could say was, "there were.....titties". Either Steve is pulling off the greatest honey dick of them all, or he has no idea he is playing fantasy football, leaving a crucial RB1 spot open to a player on a bye week and another spot to a player injured. Either way, Anthony stands back proud, knowing that he has already passed his legacy on. 



**Imma need Abouttreefitty wins: 145.7 - 115.5 **





## Bearly Fantasy vs. Let_Me_Cool_That_Down 



This was actually a hard fought game by both teams, decided only by a few points. But Anthony really doesn't want the Owen. I mean he is actively trying to hand the Owen off to someone else. That is the only explanation to being repetitively reminded to check his lineup, yet LEAVES HIS KICKER SLOT OPEN. A kicker could have literally kicked two field goals and Anthony would have won this week. Russell Wilson was on fire this week yelling, "Lick on my chocolate salty balls, PUT EM IN YOUR MOUTH AND SUCK EM". Which Cameron Brate began to do, as he has done for the past few weeks. While we are on questionable tight ends, Evan Engram walked off the field on Sunday covered in spooky ghost ectoplasm. 



**Bearly Fantasy Wins: 119.1 - 115.9 **
